 
 
 
 
 
This 
 
FIFTH AMENDMENT TO 
THE HERROLD LIVING TRUST 
 
 
 
prepared for 
 
STEPHEN GEORGE HERROLD  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Law Offices of Roy W. Litherland 
3425 S. Bascom Avenue, Suite 240 
Campbell, California 95008 
(408) 356-9200  Fax: (408) 356-8901 
© Roy W. Litherland 
All Rights Reserved 

 
- 1 - 
 
FIFTH AMENDMENT TO 
 THE HERROLD LIVING TRUST 
Preamble 
STEPHEN GEORGE HERROLD and REBECCA MUNN HERROLD were the Trustors of the 
HERROLD LIVING TRUST created under that certain decl aration dated July 11, 2001.  
REBECCA MUNN HERROLD is now deceased.   STEPHEN GEORGE HERROLD is the Trustee 
duly appointed and acting under and by terms of that Trust. 
 
Prior to the death of REBECCA MUNN HERROLD, the aforementioned trust was the subject 
of two amendments respectively labeled FIRST AMENDMENT and SECOND AMENDMENT. 
Subsequent to the death of REBECCA MUNN HERROLD the aforementioned trust was 
amended by order of the Santa Clara County Superior Court in Case No. 1-14-PR-174927. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Article Four, Section 3.b. as amended by said court order, the 
undersigned retains the right to amend the aforementioned trust by the following language: 
 
After the death of the first of us the Surviving Trustor may at any time 
or times amend or revoke any provision of the Trust, in whole or in part. 
 
The Trust was subsequently amended by the FOURTH AMENDMENT , dated January 22, 
2016.  The Trustor now wishes to exercise that right of amendment and to that end hereby 
amends that declaration in the terms stated  below.  Consent of the Trustee to this 
amendment is attached hereto. 
REVOCATION OF FOURTH AMENDMENT 
By this document, the Trustor hereby revokes the FOURTH AMENDMENT in its entirely. 
 
AMENDMENT TO ARTICLE SIX, SECTION 2 
Article Six, Section 2 is amended to hereafter read as follows: 
Section 2. Estate Planning Letter or Memorandum  
After the death of STEPHEN GEORGE HERROLD, my Trustee shall deliver to ELIZABETH 
KANNEGAARD all of trustor's personal property, other than automobiles, for the purpose of 
distribution in accordance with instructions I have given her.  By way of further instruction, 
my Trustee shall deliver possession of Trustor's cello to her for the express purpose of hand 
delivering it to the UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI, SCHOOL OF MUSIC. 
 
  

 
- 2 - 
AMENDMENT TO ARTICLE SIX, SECTION 4 
Article Six, Section 4 is amended to read as follows: 
Section 4. Specific Distribution of Trust Property 
Our Trustee shall make the following specific distributions of trust property from the 
Contributive Share of the indicated Deceased Trustor: 
 
a.  Specific Distribution to  CLARICE MUNN BURKHART A.K.A. SHAWNA HARRINGTON 
 Upon the death of STEPHEN GEORGE HERROLD and REBECCA MUNN HERROLD, our 
Trustee shall distribute fifty thousand dollars ($50,000) to CLARICE MUNN BURKHART 
A.K.A. SHAWNA HARRINGTON, outright and free of trust.  If such beneficiary should 
die prior to the time that this specific distribution is directed to be made, this specific 
distribution shall lapse and our Trustee shall administer this specific distribution in 
accordance with the Articles that follow.  All expenses, claims, liens, encumbrances 
and taxes relative to this specific distribution shall be  paid from the specific 
distribution of the beneficiary who receives this specific distribution.   
 
 
AMENDMENT TO ARTICLE ELEVEN 
Article Eleven of that declaration is amended to read as follows: 
 
Article Eleven - Distributions to Beneficiaries 
Section 1. Division of Trust Property Into Shares 
Upon the death of the Surviving Trustor, our Tr ustee shall divide the Survivor's Balance, 
the Family Balance, and the Marital Balance, if any, (or any trusts into which such balances 
may have been divided) into separate and e qual shares (and for pur poses of determining 
such division and subsequent distributions sh all take into account the exclusion of any 
descendant as may be directed in Article One) as follows:     
Beneficiary Name 
 
 Share 
UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI, FROST SCHOOL OF MUSIC, FEIN #59-0621158 
                       * TO BE USED FOR STUDENT SCHOLARSHIP FUND 
 100% 
 
In the event an individual beneficiary named immediately above should die while there are 
assets remaining in such individual benefici ary’s trust share, our Trustee shall hold, 
administer, and distribute the share for such  beneficiary as provide d under the terms of 
such share.  In the event a named individual beneficiary predeceases us leaving no 
descendants or the terms of such share lapse without further direction, then such lapsed 
share shall be reallocated among the remaini ng individual beneficiaries named in this 
Section (if any), in accordance with each  such remaining individual beneficiary’s 
respective percentage of the total interests of all such remaining individual beneficiaries.  
If there are no remaining indivi dual beneficiaries, such shar e shall be reallocated among 

 
- 3 - 
the other remaining beneficiaries in accord ance with each remaining beneficiary’s 
respective percentage of the total interests of all remaining beneficiaries.  If any beneficiary 
named in this Section is a “class” of individuals or organizations, such class shall be treated 
as a single beneficiary for purposes of such  reallocation.  If there are no remaining 
beneficiaries under this Section,  then such share shall be ad ministered as provided in the 
Articles that follow. 
 
In the event a charitable organization is named as a beneficiary and such organization is 
no longer in existence or no longer qualifies as a tax-exempt organization under Sections 
170(c), 2055 and 2522 of the Code, our Trustee shall distribute the share for such 
charitable organization to such charitable organization or organizations as our Trustee, in 
our Trustee’s discretion, determines most closely matches our charitable intent.  If our 
Trustee fails to distribute this share due to the lack of a qualified tax-exempt beneficiary, 
this share shall lapse and be reallocated among the remaining beneficiaries as provided in 
the paragraph immediately above.   
Each share shall constitute a separate and independent trust, and Exempt Trusts shall 
remain separate from Non-Exempt Trusts.  The decisions of our Trustee as to the assets 
to constitute each such share or subshare shall be conclusive, subject only to the 
requirement that said shares or subshares shall be of the respective values.  
The trust shares shall be held, administered and distributed as follows: 
 
a. Distribution and Administra tion of Trust Share for UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI, 
FROST SCHOOL OF MUSIC, FEIN #59-0621158  
 
1. Distributions of Net Income 
Our Trustee shall promptly pay to, or apply for the benefit of, the UNIVERSITY OF 
MIAMI, FROST SCHOOL OF MUSIC, the entire net income and principal of its trust share. 
 
2. Purpose of this Gift 
This gift shall be applied by the beneficiary to the Student Scholarship Fund. 
   
3. Distribution If Organi zation Ceases to Exist 
If the UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI, FROST SCHOOL OF MUSIC is not in existence or has 
been involved in a merger which is not a mere change in form at the time that a 
distribution is directed to be made, its interest in its trust share shall lapse and shall 
be administered in accordance with th e provisions above dealing with lapsing 
charitable shares. 
 
  

 
- 4 - 
Section 2. Postponement of Distribution by Trustee 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article, but subject to the provisions of Section 
7 of Article Fifteen, if our Trustee determines that there is a compelling reason to postpone 
a distribution to a beneficiary, then our Trustee shall continue to hold and administer such 
beneficiary’s share as follows: 
a. Income Accumulated   
The entire net income of such beneficiary's share shall be accumulated and 
added to principal on an annual basis if not distributed under the 
provisions of the paragraph immediately following. 
b. Discretionary Payment of Principal 
Our Trustee shall pay to, or apply for the benefit of, such beneficiary only 
as much of the principal and accumulated income of such beneficiary's 
share as our Trustee, in our Trustee's discretion, considers necessary for the 
proper health, education, maintenance and support of such beneficiary.  
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, all discretionary distributions of 
principal and accumulated income to a Special Needs Beneficiary shall be 
governed by the provisions of paragraph c. immediately following. 
c. Discretionary Payment of Principal for Special Needs 
Beneficiaries 
Our Trustee shall apply for the benefit of a Special Needs Beneficiary 
such amounts of principal and accumulated income of the Special Needs 
Beneficiary's share as provided for under Section 3 of Article Fifteen. 
d. Guidelines for Trustee’s Dis cretion in Making Distributions 
Our Trustee shall take into consideration, to the extent our Trustee considers 
it advisable, any other income or resources of such beneficiary known to the 
Trustee.  When, in our Trustee's di scretion, the compelling reason for the 
postponement of a distribution ceases to exist, our Trustee shall make 
available for withdrawal by such beneficiary the postponed distribution(s), 
which such beneficiary shall request by written instrument filed with our 
Trustee.  Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the termination of the 
postponement of distributions to a Special Needs Beneficiary shall be 
governed by the provisions under Section 3 of Article Fifteen.  Furthermore, 
if the sole reason for the postponement  of such beneficiary's distribution 
was due to such beneficiary not yet attaining the age of 25, our Trustee shall 
make the required distribution upon the beneficiary attaining such age, 
unless our Trustee determines, in our Trustee's discretion, that there are 
other compelling reasons to continue to hold and administer such 
beneficiary's share under the provisions of this Section. 

 
- 5 - 
e. Compelling Reason 
A compelling reason includes, but is not limited to, the following: 
1. The beneficiary is a Speci al Needs Beneficiary as 
defined under Section 3 of Article Fifteen; 
2. The beneficiary is under the age of 25;   
3. The susceptibility of the beneficiary to undue 
influence or duress by an individual or a group; 
4. Alcohol or substance ab use by the beneficiary; 
5. A pending marital separation or dissolution of 
marriage or divorce of the beneficiary; 
6. Potential financial difficulty  or a proven inability of 
the beneficiary to manage money; 
7. A serious tax disadvantag e upon distribution to the 
beneficiary; 
8. Minimization of income, gift, estate, generation-
skipping or other transfer taxes of a beneficiary, the 
beneficiaries or the trust; and 
9. Substituting income, gift, estate, generation-
skipping or other transfer taxes of the beneficiary 
for another. 
f. Distributions Withheld 
Any distribution may be postponed, in cluding distributions of income or 
principal, whether in complete or partial termination of the beneficiary's 
share, one or more of a series of payments, or otherwise. 
g. Evidence of a Compelling Reason 
In connection with the foregoing, and in furtherance thereof, our Trustee is 
authorized to require th e beneficiary to submit to our Trustee for review 
appropriate evidence as to the existence or non-existence of the compelling 
reason for which the postponement of a distribution of income or principal 
has been made or is being considered.  Upon the request of our Trustee, 
such evidence shall include the submission to blood tests or similar tests 
showing the absence of alcohol addicti on or substance abuse, said tests to 
be conducted and administered by li censed physicians approved by our 
Trustee. 

 
- 6 - 
h. Notice to Beneficiary; Re quest for Reconsideration  
If our Trustee decides to postpone a beneficiary's distribution, then our 
Trustee shall provide written notifica tion to such beneficiary of such 
postponement decision.  Upon notificati on by our Trustee of the intent to 
postpone a distribution, su ch beneficiary may request reconsideration of 
such decision and submit to our Trust ee such reports, information or other 
evidence as such beneficiary deems appropriate.  If a beneficiary seeks the 
advice, counsel or representation of an attorney with regard to postponed 
distributions, then such beneficiary shall be entitled to reimbursement of the 
legal fees and costs incurred for such  representation.  Such reimbursement 
shall be limited to no more than one-half of one percent (0.5%) of the value 
of such beneficiary's share at the be ginning of the calendar year in which 
such reimbursement is requested.  A request for such reimbursement of 
legal fees and costs shall be limited to once every two calendar years.  
Section 3. Beneficiary’s Li mited Power of Appointment 
Unless the provisions for a specific beneficiar y under this Article pr ovide otherwise, any 
beneficiary under this Article shall have a limited power of appointment, exercisable by 
such beneficiary's Will, or a codicil thereto, specifically referring to and exercising this 
power of appointment, to appoint to, or for the benefit of, our then living descendants, some 
or all of the principal of such beneficiary's se parate share as it exists at the death of such 
beneficiary.  Such beneficiar y may appoint trust assets under  this limited testamentary 
power among the descendants of the Trustors and such beneficiary.  If our Trustee receives 
no notice, within six (6) months  after the death of such bene ficiary, of the existence of a 
Will or codicil of such beneficiary that exer cises this power of appointment, our Trustee 
may distribute the assets of such benefici ary's trust share as though this power of 
appointment had not been exercised and shall be  conclusively presumed to have acted in 
good faith even if such Will or codicil is ther eafter discovered.  This limited testamentary 
power of appointment shall not be exercised in favor of su ch beneficiary's estate, the 
creditors of such beneficiary, the creditors of such benefi ciary's estate, or in any way that 
would result in any economic benefit to such beneficiary. 
Section 4. General Power of A ppointment Over Non-Exempt Assets 
Should a beneficiary die prior to the creation of his or her separate share of our Trust Estate 
or die subsequent to the crea tion of such share but before complete distribution of such 
share, and as a result of said death a portion of our Trust Estate w ould be subject to GST 
Tax but for the provisions of this Section, the beneficiary may, pursuant to a general power 
of appointment exercised in his or her last Will (but not in a codicil) and specifically 
referring to this power of a ppointment, provide for such shar e to pass to the creditors of 
such beneficiary's estate, in accordance with the terms set forth below.  The asset value 
subject to such general power of appointment shall be the maximum amount, if any, which, 
when added to the beneficiary's net taxable estate (computed prior to said power), will 

 
- 7 - 
cause the federal estate tax marginal rate to increase until it equals the GST Tax marginal 
rate; but in no case shall such general power of appointment exceed the asset value of such 
beneficiary's share.  To the extent the beneficiary does not effectively exercise the general 
power of appointment, the unappointed asse t value shall be held, administered and 
distributed in accordance with the other provisions of our Trust Agreement. 
Section 5. Failure to Exercise Limited Power of Appointment 
Subject to the exercise of such beneficiary's Limited Power of Appointment under Section 
5 above, if any beneficiary whose trust share is being held in trust subject to the provisions 
of this Article dies prior to complete di stribution of such beneficiary's share, the 
beneficiary's interest in such trust share sh all lapse, and our Trus tee shall distribute and 
deliver the remaining balance of said trust to  the descendants of said beneficiary, if any, 
per stirpes.  If such beneficiary has no then living descendants, our Trustee shall distribute 
such beneficiary's trust share to our then living descendants, per stirpes.  If we have no then 
living descendants, our Trustee shall distribute the balance of the trust share as provided in 
Article Twelve of our Trust Agreement. 
 
Ratification of Other Terms of Trust 
In every other respect, the Trusto r confirms and ratifies the terms of the trust as stated in 
that certain declaration of Trust referenced above except as has previously been modified 
by any prior amendments. 
 
No Contest Clause 
 
If any devisee, legatee or beneficiary under this Trust, no matter how remote or contingent 
such beneficiary’s interest appears, or any legal heir of the Trustor, or any person claiming 
under any of them, does any of the following, th en in that event th e Trustor specifically 
disinherits each such person, and all such legacies, bequests, devises and interests given to 
that person under this Trust or any amendment to it or any other trust agreement created by 
the Trustor at any time shall be forfeited and shall be distributed as provided elsewhere 
herein as though such person had predeceased the Trustor without descendants:  
 
(a) Without probable cause (as de fined by California Probate Code 
§1311(b)) files a direct contest (as defined by California Probate Code 
§21310) alleging the invalidity of this Trust or any one or more of its 
terms;  
 
(b) Without probable cause, files a direct contest alleging the invalidity of 
any other document, or any one or more of the terms of such other 
document, which is in existence on the date this Trust is executed, such 
as a Will, deed, beneficiary designa tion, contract, agreement or other 
document executed by the Trustor constituting part of an integrated estate 
plan or executed by another for the benefit of the Trustor; 

 
- 8 - 
 
(c) Files any creditor’s claim or pros ecutes any action against this Trust 
for any debt alleged to be owed by the Trustor and such claim is later 
adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid; or  
 
(d) Files any pleading (as defined by California Probate Code § 21310(d) 
challenging any transfer of property on the grounds that it was not the 
Trustor’s property at the time of the transfer.   
 
Expenses to resist any above contest or other attack of a ny nature upon any provision of 
this Trust or any amendment to it shall be  paid from the trusts created hereunder as 
expenses of administration.   In the event that any provision of this S ection is held to be 
invalid, void or illegal, the same shall be deemed severable from the remainder of the 
provisions in this Section and shall in no way affect, impair or invalidate any other 
provision in this Section. If such provision shall be deemed invalid due to its scope and 
breadth, such provision shall be deemed valid  to the extent of the scope or breadth 
permitted by law. The provisions of this Sec tion shall not apply to any disclaimer by any 
person of any benefit under this Trust or amendment to it. 
  

